excited about I'll show you what I'm
excited about I mean while ago I was in
the backyard that one I heard some
singing it wasn't like a normal voice it
was like a little voice see yeah there's
a singing bird buddy sing something back
dude I know Alice Cooper see and he's
getting ready to go out on tour all over
the United States see and he needs an
opening we could make a lot of money you
know cause Alice works with the spiders
and snakes and scorpions you know in
catamarans and well he would be a great
opening he's in rehearsal now for the
big show I got some great to tell ya
you're getting out of show biz no oh
you're gonna stay and show this listen
to me
I've got a book I don't brood on me
don't breathe on me that's awful no come
on now come on now listen I found a
singing bug right over here you won't
believe it out the backyard now you're
getting ready to go on tour see you'll
need an opening act right listen buggy
here's our scooper do number four
[Music]
how about that's the best thing I've
ever seen him I've got to have that bug
in my show okay you gotta open I got a
contract right here in the country 52
weeks $10,000 that's a lot of money it's
about $2,000 it's a love sign to sign
before you know Alice Cooper my wife
English did you see that bud
[Applause]
[Music]
listen White Fang well why don't you
come on down to the rehearsal studio
with you our White Fang to go to
rehearsal hall with you and sing with
your group no no I wanted to come down
there and kill bugs you see we gettin
place is loaded with them
does that mean our contract is null and
void